Technical Edit of Baldy Release (#1570)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/gov/chapters/chapter01.md

<a name="1.1"></a>
## 1.1 Who We Are

> The founding members of the Cloud iNfrastructure Telco Task Force (CNTT) were AT&T, Vodafone, Verizon, Deutsche Telecom, Orange, and China Mobile. Soon thereafter, additional telco operator and vendor partner participants began to join the Task Force. CNTT reached its first major milestone when it gained sponsorship and support of the GSMA and Linux Foundation Networking in Summer 2019. It now has over thirty operators and partners (VNF suppliers, third-party integrators, hw/sw suppliers) in its member commmunity and those numbers continue to grow. Together th CNTT community is leading the industry in creating a common infrastructure reference platform in the form of reference model and reference architecture definitions to better support Network Function Virtualization (NFV) applications for the Telecom industry as a whole. The working group is collaborating with OPNFV and other open source communities to operationalize and support reference implementations and reference certification platforms. 

Reviewer: "Together th CNTT" -> "Together the CNTT"

Reviewer 2: @bfcohen w.r.t. "It now has over thirty operators and partners .." should there be statement of the when "now" is? Such as, "Currently (summer of 200), it has over thirty operators and partners ..." or "A year later, it has over thirty operators and partners ..."

Reviewer 2: also, "Network Function Virtualization (NFV) applications" --> "virtualised and containerised Network Functions"

Author: Yes agree needs to be more placed in time.

> The founding members of the Cloud iNfrastructure Telco Task Force (CNTT) were AT&T, Vodafone, Verizon, Deutsche Telecom, Orange, and China Mobile. Soon thereafter, additional telco operator and vendor partner participants began to join the Task Force. CNTT reached its first major milestone when it gained sponsorship and support of the GSMA and Linux Foundation Networking in Summer 2019. As of Summer 2020, there are over thirty operators and partners (VNF suppliers, third-party integrators, hw/sw suppliers) in its member commmunity and these numbers continue to grow. Together th CNTT community is leading the industry in creating a common infrastructure reference platform in the form of reference model and reference architecture definitions to better support Network Function Virtualization (NFV) applications for the Telecom industry as a whole. The working group is collaborating with OPNFV and other open source communities to operationalize and support reference implementations and reference certification platforms. 

Reviewer 3: Nitpick: `Together th CNTT` -> `Together the CNTT`

Reviewer 4: done

> The founding members of the Cloud iNfrastructure Telco Task Force (CNTT) were AT&T, Vodafone, Verizon, Deutsche Telecom, Orange, and China Mobile. Soon thereafter, additional telco operator and vendor partner participants began to join the Task Force. CNTT reached its first major milestone when it gained sponsorship and support of the GSMA and Linux Foundation Networking in Summer 2019. As of Summer 2020, there are over thirty operators and partners (VNF suppliers, third-party integrators, hw/sw suppliers) in its member commmunity and these numbers continue to grow. Together th CNTT community is leading the industry in creating a common infrastructure reference platform in the form of reference model and reference architecture definitions to better support Network Function Virtualization (NFV) applications for the Telecom industry as a whole. The working group is collaborating with OPNFV and other open source communities to operationalize and support reference implementations and reference certification platforms. 

Author: Thanks.

In order to establish governing guidelines and procedures by which the CNTT technical community may operate, the development of this document was undertaken by a CNTT workstream group and developed under the guidance of the CNTT Governance Steering Committee. 

<a name="1.2"></a>
## 1.2 Document Purpose

> The goal of this document is to assist CNTT to continue to scale, garner momentum, and plan for the future of CNTT--as outlined in its 3rd Technical Workshop in Antwerp, Belgium, in September 2019. Therefore, the purpose of this document is to define and detail basic CNTT community operations and important structures. It provides a reference of the organization and related work streams, processes, and procedures around which the CNTT Community is managed; including operational scope, structure, and responsibilities of all groups and individuals associated with CNTT.  

Reviewer 2: @bfcohen Can we simplify, "... outlined in its 3rd Technical Workshop in Antwerp, Belgium, in September 2019." (too many "in"). 
Maybe as: "... outlined at its 3rd Technical Workshop, held in Antwerp, Belgium, September 2019."

Author: Sure.

> The goal of this document is to assist CNTT to continue to scale, gain momentum, and plan for the future of CNTT-- outlined at the September 2019 3rd Technical Workshop held in Antwerp, Belgium. The purpose of this document is to define and detail basic CNTT community operations and important structures. It provides a reference of the organization and related work streams, processes, and procedures around which the CNTT Community is managed; including operational scope, structure, and responsibilities of all groups and individuals associated with CNTT.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The goal of this document is to assist CNTT to continue to scale, gain momentum, and plan for the future of CNTT-- outlined at the September 2019 3rd Technical Workshop held in Antwerp, Belgium. The purpose of this document is to define and detail basic CNTT community operations and important structures. It provides a reference of the organisation and related work streams, processes, and procedures around which the CNTT Community is managed; including operational scope, structure, and responsibilities of all groups and individuals associated with CNTT.  
```

> This document is intended for use by CNTT Task Force's new and existing contributors, participants, associated organizations, and, as an open-source community following the GSMA and LFN Anti-Trust Policies and Creative Commons Licensing, the public at-large.

Reviewer 2: CNTT is a task force (re: "... use by CNTT Task Force's ..."). Suggest change to "...use by CNTT's .."

Reviewer 2: nitpick: organization ---> organisation

> This document is intended for use by CNTT Task Force's new and existing contributors, participants, associated organizations, and, as an open-source community following the GSMA and LFN Anti-Trust Policies and Creative Commons Licensing, the public at-large.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document is intended for use by CNTT's new and existing contributors, participants, associated organisations, and, as an open-source community following the GSMA and LFN Anti-Trust Policies and Creative Commons Licensing, the public at-large.
```

> This document is intended for use by CNTT Task Force's new and existing contributors, participants, associated organizations, and, as an open-source community following the GSMA and LFN Anti-Trust Policies and Creative Commons Licensing, the public at-large.

Reviewer 3: If the "TT" of CNTT = Telco Task Force, then `CNTT Task Force's` is repeating the term "Task Force".

> This document is not intended to be used to define any technical specifications, definitions, requirements, testing, certifications, or lab platforms developed by CNTT. 

Reviewer 2: since it says "not intended to be used to define" (stress "to define") is it appropriate then to say "developed by CNTT"?

May I suggest a simplification: "This document does not define any technical specifications, definitions, requirements, architectures, testing, certifications, or lab platforms."

* Consensus-Based Decision Making (Ch. 5)

> The approaches and processes by which CNTT contributors shall use to ensure fair representation for any key decisions and approve release approvals. This includes mechanisms on how to manage dissention. 

Reviewer 2: Can we simplify: "The approaches and processes by CNTT contributors shall use ..." 

nit pick: "dissention" is a rarely used spelling for "dissension"

> The approaches and processes by which CNTT contributors shall use to ensure fair representation for any key decisions and approve release approvals. This includes mechanisms on how to manage dissention. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The approaches and processes CNTT contributors shall use to ensure fair representation for key decisions and release approvals. This includes mechanisms on how to manage dissension. 
```
